Param Change Proposal (#4206)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/cosmos-hub/gaiacli.md

### Governance

Governance is the process from which users in the Cosmos Hub can come to consensus
on software upgrades, parameters of the mainnet or signaling mechanisms through
text proposals. This is done through voting on proposals, which will be submitted

> by `ATOM` holders on the mainnet.

Reviewer: I don't think we really have to capitalize it everywhere

Author: Agreed. I can't recall if this was a Github suggestion or already exist in the docs.

Some considerations about the voting process:

- Voting is done by bonded `ATOM` holders on a 1 bonded `ATOM` 1 vote basis
- Delegators inherit the vote of their validator if they don't vote
- Votes are tallied at the end of the voting period (2 weeks on mainnet) where
each address can vote multiple times to update its `Option` value (paying the transaction fee each time),

> only the last casted vote will count as valid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only the most recently cast vote will count as valid
```

- Voters can choose between options `Yes`, `No`, `NoWithVeto` and `Abstain`

>  - At the end of the voting period, a proposal is accepted if `(YesVotes/(YesVotes+NoVotes+NoWithVetoVotes))>1/2`

Reviewer: this needs to include the quorum requirement

Author: Updated.

#### Create a Governance Proposal

In order to create a governance proposal, you must submit an initial deposit
along with a title and description. Various modules outside of governance may
implement their own proposal types and handlers (eg. parameter changes), where
the governance module itself supports `Text` proposals. Any module
outside of governance has it's command mounted on top of `submit-proposal`.

To submit a `Text` proposal:

```bash
gaiacli tx gov submit-proposal \
  --title=<title> \
  --description=<description> \
  --type="Text" \
  --deposit="1000000uatom" \
  --from=<name> \
  --chain-id=<chain_id>
```

You may also provide the proposal directly through the `--proposal` flag which
points to a JSON file containing the proposal.

To submit a parameter change proposal, you must provide a proposal file as its
contents are less friendly to CLI input:

```bash
gaiacli tx gov submit-proposal param-change <path/to/proposal.json> \
  --from=<name> \
  --chain-id=<chain_id>
```

Where `proposal.json` contains the following:

```json
{
  "title": "Param Change",
  "description": "Update max validators",
  "changes": [
    {

>       "subspace": "staking",

Reviewer 2: see comment above
